com/ready/lolchamps/databinding/ViewSpellInfoBinding.java
 com.ready.lolchamps.databinding.ViewSpellInfoBinding
com/ready/lolchamps/databinding/ItemChampionSkinBindingImpl.java
 com.ready.lolchamps.databinding.ItemChampionSkinBindingImpl
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_ready_lolchamps_ui_main_MainViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_ready_lolchamps_ui_main_MainViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule
androidx/databinding/DataBinderMapperImpl.java
 androidx.databinding.DataBinderMapperImpl
androidx/databinding/library/baseAdapters/BR.java
 androidx.databinding.library.baseAdapters.BR
com/ready/lolchamps/ui/detail/DetailViewModel_HiltModules.java
 com.ready.lolchamps.ui.detail.DetailViewModel_HiltModules
 com.ready.lolchamps.ui.detail.DetailViewModel_HiltModules$BindsModule
 com.ready.lolchamps.ui.detail.DetailViewModel_HiltModules$KeyModule
com/ready/lolchamps/DaggerLolChampsApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC.java
 com.ready.lolchamps.DaggerLolChampsApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC
 com.ready.lolchamps.DaggerLolChampsApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$1
 com.ready.lolchamps.DaggerLolChampsApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityCBuilder
 com.ready.lolchamps.DaggerLolChampsApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityCImpl
 com.ready.lolchamps.DaggerLolChampsApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCBuilder
 com.ready.lolchamps.DaggerLolChampsApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCImpl
 com.ready.lolchamps.DaggerLolChampsApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCImpl$SwitchingProvider
 com.ready.lolchamps.DaggerLolChampsApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$Builder
 com.ready.lolchamps.DaggerLolChampsApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$FragmentCBuilder
 com.ready.lolchamps.DaggerLolChampsApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$FragmentCImpl
 com.ready.lolchamps.DaggerLolChampsApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ServiceCBuilder
 com.ready.lolchamps.DaggerLolChampsApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ServiceCImpl
 com.ready.lolchamps.DaggerLolChampsApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$SwitchingProvider
 com.ready.lolchamps.DaggerLolChampsApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ViewCBuilder
 com.ready.lolchamps.DaggerLolChampsApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ViewCImpl
 com.ready.lolchamps.DaggerLolChampsApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ViewModelCBuilder
 com.ready.lolchamps.DaggerLolChampsApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ViewModelCImpl
 com.ready.lolchamps.DaggerLolChampsApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ViewModelCImpl$SwitchingProvider
 com.ready.lolchamps.DaggerLolChampsApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ViewWithFragmentCBuilder
 com.ready.lolchamps.DaggerLolChampsApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ViewWithFragmentCImpl
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_ready_lolchamps_ui_main_MainViewModel_HiltModules_BindsModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_ready_lolchamps_ui_main_MainViewModel_HiltModules_BindsModule
com/ready/lolchamps/DataBindingTriggerClass.java
 com.ready.lolchamps.DataBindingTriggerClass
com/ready/lolchamps/di/DBModule_ProvidePassiveTypeConverterFactory.java
 com.ready.lolchamps.di.DBModule_ProvidePassiveTypeConverterFactory
com/ready/lolchamps/ui/main/MainActivity_GeneratedInjector.java
 com.ready.lolchamps.ui.main.MainActivity_GeneratedInjector
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_ready_lolchamps_di_NetworkModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_ready_lolchamps_di_NetworkModule
com/ready/lolchamps/db/ChampionDao_Impl.java
 com.ready.lolchamps.db.ChampionDao_Impl
 com.ready.lolchamps.db.ChampionDao_Impl$1
 com.ready.lolchamps.db.ChampionDao_Impl$2
 com.ready.lolchamps.db.ChampionDao_Impl$3
com/ready/lolchamps/ui/detail/DetailViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory.java
 com.ready.lolchamps.ui.detail.DetailViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory
 com.ready.lolchamps.ui.detail.DetailViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory$InstanceHolder
com/ready/lolchamps/LolChampsApplication_GeneratedInjector.java
 com.ready.lolchamps.LolChampsApplication_GeneratedInjector
com/ready/lolchamps/db/AppDatabase_Impl.java
 com.ready.lolchamps.db.AppDatabase_Impl
 com.ready.lolchamps.db.AppDatabase_Impl$1
dagger/hilt/internal/aggregatedroot/codegen/_com_ready_lolchamps_LolChampsApplication.java
 dagger.hilt.internal.aggregatedroot.codegen._com_ready_lolchamps_LolChampsApplication
com/ready/lolchamps/db/SkinTypeConverter_Factory.java
 com.ready.lolchamps.db.SkinTypeConverter_Factory
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_ready_lolchamps_ui_detail_DetailViewModel_HiltModules_BindsModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_ready_lolchamps_ui_detail_DetailViewModel_HiltModules_BindsModule
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_ready_lolchamps_LolChampsApplication_GeneratedInjector.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_ready_lolchamps_LolChampsApplication_GeneratedInjector
com/ready/lolchamps/databinding/ViewPassiveInfoBindingImpl.java
 com.ready.lolchamps.databinding.ViewPassiveInfoBindingImpl
com/ready/lolchamps/BR.java
 com.ready.lolchamps.BR
com/ready/lolchamps/repository/MainRepositoryImpl_Factory.java
 com.ready.lolchamps.repository.MainRepositoryImpl_Factory
com/ready/lolchamps/db/StringListTypeConverter_Factory.java
 com.ready.lolchamps.db.StringListTypeConverter_Factory
com/ready/lolchamps/LolChampsApplication_HiltComponents.java
 com.ready.lolchamps.LolChampsApplication_HiltComponents
 com.ready.lolchamps.LolChampsApplication_HiltComponents$ActivityC
 com.ready.lolchamps.LolChampsApplication_HiltComponents$ActivityC$Builder
 com.ready.lolchamps.LolChampsApplication_HiltComponents$ActivityCBuilderModule
 com.ready.lolchamps.LolChampsApplication_HiltComponents$ActivityRetainedC
 com.ready.lolchamps.LolChampsApplication_HiltComponents$ActivityRetainedC$Builder
 com.ready.lolchamps.LolChampsApplication_HiltComponents$ActivityRetainedCBuilderModule
 com.ready.lolchamps.LolChampsApplication_HiltComponents$FragmentC
 com.ready.lolchamps.LolChampsApplication_HiltComponents$FragmentC$Builder
 com.ready.lolchamps.LolChampsApplication_HiltComponents$FragmentCBuilderModule
 com.ready.lolchamps.LolChampsApplication_HiltComponents$ServiceC
 com.ready.lolchamps.LolChampsApplication_HiltComponents$ServiceC$Builder
 com.ready.lolchamps.LolChampsApplication_HiltComponents$ServiceCBuilderModule
 com.ready.lolchamps.LolChampsApplication_HiltComponents$SingletonC
 com.ready.lolchamps.LolChampsApplication_HiltComponents$ViewC
 com.ready.lolchamps.LolChampsApplication_HiltComponents$ViewC$Builder
 com.ready.lolchamps.LolChampsApplication_HiltComponents$ViewCBuilderModule
 com.ready.lolchamps.LolChampsApplication_HiltComponents$ViewModelC
 com.ready.lolchamps.LolChampsApplication_HiltComponents$ViewModelC$Builder
 com.ready.lolchamps.LolChampsApplication_HiltComponents$ViewModelCBuilderModule
 com.ready.lolchamps.LolChampsApplication_HiltComponents$ViewWithFragmentC
 com.ready.lolchamps.LolChampsApplication_HiltComponents$ViewWithFragmentC$Builder
 com.ready.lolchamps.LolChampsApplication_HiltComponents$ViewWithFragmentCBuilderModule
com/ready/lolchamps/ui/main/MainViewModel_HiltModules.java
 com.ready.lolchamps.ui.main.MainViewModel_HiltModules
 com.ready.lolchamps.ui.main.MainViewModel_HiltModules$BindsModule
 com.ready.lolchamps.ui.main.MainViewModel_HiltModules$KeyModule
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_ready_lolchamps_ui_detail_DetailViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_ready_lolchamps_ui_detail_DetailViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule
com/ready/lolchamps/ui/main/Hilt_MainActivity.java
 com.ready.lolchamps.ui.main.Hilt_MainActivity
 com.ready.lolchamps.ui.main.Hilt_MainActivity$1
com/ready/lolchamps/di/DBModule_ProvideMoshiFactory.java
 com.ready.lolchamps.di.DBModule_ProvideMoshiFactory
 com.ready.lolchamps.di.DBModule_ProvideMoshiFactory$InstanceHolder
com/ready/lolchamps/databinding/ItemChampionBindingImpl.java
 com.ready.lolchamps.databinding.ItemChampionBindingImpl
com/ready/lolchamps/ui/detail/DetailActivity_GeneratedInjector.java
 com.ready.lolchamps.ui.detail.DetailActivity_GeneratedInjector
com/ready/lolchamps/di/DBModule_ProvideChampionInfoDaoFactory.java
 com.ready.lolchamps.di.DBModule_ProvideChampionInfoDaoFactory
com/ready/lolchamps/databinding/ActivityDetailBindingImpl.java
 com.ready.lolchamps.databinding.ActivityDetailBindingImpl
com/ready/lolchamps/di/NetworkModule_ProvideRetrofitFactory.java
 com.ready.lolchamps.di.NetworkModule_ProvideRetrofitFactory
com/ready/lolchamps/db/SpellTypeConverter_Factory.java
 com.ready.lolchamps.db.SpellTypeConverter_Factory
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_ready_lolchamps_ui_detail_DetailActivity_GeneratedInjector.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_ready_lolchamps_ui_detail_DetailActivity_GeneratedInjector
com/ready/lolchamps/di/DBModule_ProvideSpellTypeConverterFactory.java
 com.ready.lolchamps.di.DBModule_ProvideSpellTypeConverterFactory
com/ready/lolchamps/Hilt_LolChampsApplication.java
 com.ready.lolchamps.Hilt_LolChampsApplication
 com.ready.lolchamps.Hilt_LolChampsApplication$1
com/ready/lolchamps/ui/main/MainViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory.java
 com.ready.lolchamps.ui.main.MainViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory
 com.ready.lolchamps.ui.main.MainViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory$InstanceHolder
com/ready/lolchamps/di/DBModule_ProvideImageTypeConverterFactory.java
 com.ready.lolchamps.di.DBModule_ProvideImageTypeConverterFactory
com/ready/lolchamps/databinding/ActivityDetailBinding.java
 com.ready.lolchamps.databinding.ActivityDetailBinding
com/ready/lolchamps/db/ImageTypeConverter_Factory.java
 com.ready.lolchamps.db.ImageTypeConverter_Factory
com/ready/lolchamps/databinding/ActivityMainBindingImpl.java
 com.ready.lolchamps.databinding.ActivityMainBindingImpl
com/ready/lolchamps/repository/DetailRepositoryImpl_Factory.java
 com.ready.lolchamps.repository.DetailRepositoryImpl_Factory
com/ready/lolchamps/db/ChampionInfoDao_Impl.java
 com.ready.lolchamps.db.ChampionInfoDao_Impl
 com.ready.lolchamps.db.ChampionInfoDao_Impl$1
 com.ready.lolchamps.db.ChampionInfoDao_Impl$2
 com.ready.lolchamps.db.ChampionInfoDao_Impl$3
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_ready_lolchamps_ui_main_MainActivity_GeneratedInjector.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_ready_lolchamps_ui_main_MainActivity_GeneratedInjector
com/ready/lolchamps/DataBinderMapperImpl.java
 com.ready.lolchamps.DataBinderMapperImpl
 com.ready.lolchamps.DataBinderMapperImpl$InnerBrLookup
 com.ready.lolchamps.DataBinderMapperImpl$InnerLayoutIdLookup
dagger/hilt/internal/processedrootsentinel/codegen/_com_ready_lolchamps_LolChampsApplication.java
 dagger.hilt.internal.processedrootsentinel.codegen._com_ready_lolchamps_LolChampsApplication
com/ready/lolchamps/di/DBModule_ProvideAppDatabaseFactory.java
 com.ready.lolchamps.di.DBModule_ProvideAppDatabaseFactory
com/ready/lolchamps/di/DBModule_ProvideSkinTypeConverterFactory.java
 com.ready.lolchamps.di.DBModule_ProvideSkinTypeConverterFactory
com/ready/lolchamps/di/NetworkModule_ProvideRequestDebugInterceptorFactory.java
 com.ready.lolchamps.di.NetworkModule_ProvideRequestDebugInterceptorFactory
 com.ready.lolchamps.di.NetworkModule_ProvideRequestDebugInterceptorFactory$InstanceHolder
com/ready/lolchamps/databinding/ViewSpellInfoBindingImpl.java
 com.ready.lolchamps.databinding.ViewSpellInfoBindingImpl
com/ready/lolchamps/LolChampsApplication_ComponentTreeDeps.java
 com.ready.lolchamps.LolChampsApplication_ComponentTreeDeps
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_ready_lolchamps_di_DBModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_ready_lolchamps_di_DBModule
com/ready/lolchamps/di/DBModule_ProvideStringListTypeConverterFactory.java
 com.ready.lolchamps.di.DBModule_ProvideStringListTypeConverterFactory
com/ready/lolchamps/databinding/ActivityMainBinding.java
 com.ready.lolchamps.databinding.ActivityMainBinding
com/ready/lolchamps/db/PassiveTypeConverter_Factory.java
 com.ready.lolchamps.db.PassiveTypeConverter_Factory
com/ready/lolchamps/di/DBModule_ProvideChampionDaoFactory.java
 com.ready.lolchamps.di.DBModule_ProvideChampionDaoFactory
com/ready/lolchamps/databinding/ItemChampionSkinBinding.java
 com.ready.lolchamps.databinding.ItemChampionSkinBinding
com/ready/lolchamps/BuildConfig.java
 com.ready.lolchamps.BuildConfig
com/ready/lolchamps/ui/detail/DetailViewModel_Factory.java
 com.ready.lolchamps.ui.detail.DetailViewModel_Factory
com/ready/lolchamps/di/NetworkModule_ProvideOkHttpClientFactory.java
 com.ready.lolchamps.di.NetworkModule_ProvideOkHttpClientFactory
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_ready_lolchamps_di_RepositoryModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_ready_lolchamps_di_RepositoryModule
com/ready/lolchamps/di/NetworkModule_ProvideChampionServiceFactory.java
 com.ready.lolchamps.di.NetworkModule_ProvideChampionServiceFactory
com/ready/lolchamps/databinding/ItemChampionBinding.java
 com.ready.lolchamps.databinding.ItemChampionBinding
com/ready/lolchamps/databinding/ViewPassiveInfoBinding.java
 com.ready.lolchamps.databinding.ViewPassiveInfoBinding
com/ready/lolchamps/di/NetworkModule_ProvideChampionInfoServiceFactory.java
 com.ready.lolchamps.di.NetworkModule_ProvideChampionInfoServiceFactory
com/ready/lolchamps/ui/main/MainViewModel_Factory.java
 com.ready.lolchamps.ui.main.MainViewModel_Factory
androidx/databinding/DataBindingComponent.java
 androidx.databinding.DataBindingComponent
com/ready/lolchamps/ui/detail/Hilt_DetailActivity.java
 com.ready.lolchamps.ui.detail.Hilt_DetailActivity
 com.ready.lolchamps.ui.detail.Hilt_DetailActivity$1
